we've got some good places to go we've
been seeing a lot of big bucks they're
writing what is November 21st day
November 22nd tomorrow so Rob already
hit the sack we're going to bust a big
one tomorrow yeah
step up my jacket
here here Matt bet ya ear daddy a get
breathe I can't breathe I'm not crying
i'm laughing are you humming pretty good
Wow hope was you're eating pretty good
uh-huh thank you oh yeah you thought you
squeeze it the Johnny show her yeah I
couldn't tell you and how'd you kill the
guy vision I feel like you did do you
feel confident mm-hmm that she was
wanting good what was just shaking real
bad or anything no I was at I wasn't
anything like when you had to hold me
still for the turkey or anything like
that it's almost like I just froze oh
I'm glad I didn't know whether you got
him in there really good cuz i was too
busy trying to get him to stop if you
want any further I don't think I put a
goddamn it right the site yeah that's
okay well you squeezed it off before I
thought she's gonna shoot she does her
own thing that's what I'm said I was
gonna ask that I'm going yeah it's good
right I knew he was gonna walk off cause
especially after the well good if you
feel good about it did you the nine
power help Zuni me and good oh well he
came right out of the path I mean I just
looked there get us all use of nice bugs
oh yeah he was a big bug a big body big
body I got to when she did you hear me
breathing on the owners are killed her
brother no I you ain't kids if Bobby
wanders the main hey its teeth its own I
remember 22nd 2000
we're in ohio gone hunting i'm with my
dad in this two-man stand a Sawbuck a
pretty big book last time I was here Oh
haunting in this
we just have to see a big one now today
this afternoon
he's gonna be big one day
yeah it's pretty done I just shot in
Iran like like don't hear 30 yards we
just saw hey waited about 30 minutes now
we're gonna go see if we can find the
deer let's go
nice dear did nice a point
congratulations thanks body went down
without here yeah all right yeah he's a
beautiful dear like how long's brow
times just a great hunt we've seen he's
so like five bucks at a matter of 30
minutes so it was really fun and on the
glad i got this out of it that's great i
was just super exciting where do you see
the footage on it was that it often the
buck right before I screwed up though
okay yeah he could have shot at a 135
ate a bit a little bit bigger than this
one good vet and I wasn't perfectly
broadside so I wouldn't let him shoot at
it well that's okay but I mean this one
he's just not so nice i love it yeah
that's your big house probably say last
year's a little bit bigger but that one
has better breath my second make you
sick leave first muzzleloader kill ya so
awesome that's great that's awesome
buddy did you